Optional arguments support for SAWScript (#3317)
GaloisInc/saw-script: CHANGES.md

## New Features

* SAWScript now supports optional named arguments.
  These can be passed anywhere in a function application using the
  syntax `name=val`.
  If `val` requires parentheses you can also enclose the name in the
  parentheses as well.
  The syntax in a type signature is `name?type`.
  The parameter syntax in a function declaration is either `name?=val`
  or `name@alt?=val`, where `val` is the default value to use when
  the caller doesn't provide one.
  By default the `name` is both the external call name and the internal
  variable name for the parameter.
  If `alt` is present, it can be an identifier or a pattern, and specifies
  a different name or names for internal use.
  The alternate name, or parts of it, can be set to `_` if unused.

* The builtin `str_concat` now accepts an optional argument `sep`
  to use as a separator between the given strings.
  For example, `str_concat ["a", "b"]` will produce `"ab"` as before,

>   but `str_concat sep=", " ["a", "b"]` produces `"a, b"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The builtin `str_concats` now accepts an optional argument `sep`
  to use as a separator between the given strings.
  For example, `str_concats ["a", "b"]` will produce `"ab"` as before,
  but `str_concats sep=", " ["a", "b"]` produces `"a, b"`.
```

Author: Gah. I'm glad someone noticed that!
